Add uyuni-storage-setup-server and uyuni-storage-setup-proxy packages to server/proxy deployment (#3271)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added uyuni-storage-setup-[server|proxy] packages to Server/Proxy deployment

Reviewer: I am not sure if this should be:
```suggestion
- Added uyuni-storage-setup-server package to Server deployment and
  uyuni-storage-setup-proxy to Proxy deployment
```
But I will leave it to @keichwa to decide.

Author: Yes, I agree this should be changed, but will wait for Karl before committing the suggestion.

Reviewer 2: suggestions sounds good.  Added to batch commission.  If you are faster, also fine.

> - Added uyuni-storage-setup-server package to Server deployment and
>   uyuni-storage-setup-proxy to Proxy deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added uyuni-storage-setup-server package to server deployment and
  uyuni-storage-setup-proxy to proxy deployment in Installation and Upgrade
  Guide
```
FYI, we only capitalize server or proxy if "{productname}" or something similar precedes it.  It once was a Lana decision and I still support it ;)
